add some new ml params to README (#12575)
netdata/netdata: ml/README.md

- `num samples to smooth`: (`0`/`5`) This is a small integer that controls the amount of smoothing applied as part of the feature processing used by the model. For example, the default of `3` means that the rolling average of the last 3 values is used. Smoothing like this helps the model be a little more robust to spiky types of dimensions that naturally "jump" up or down as part of their normal behavior.
- `num samples to lag`: (`0`/`5`) This is a small integer that determines how many lagged values of the dimension to include in the feature vector. For example, the default of `5` means that in addition to the most recent (by default, differenced and smoothed) value of the dimension, the feature vector will also include the 5 previous values too. Using lagged values in our feature representation allows the model to work over strange patterns over recent values of a dimension as opposed to just focusing on if the most recent value itself is big or small enough to be anomalous.

> - `random sampling ratio`: (`0.2`/`1.0`) This is an efficiency paramater that tells the ML to just randomly sample `random sampling ratio` of training data when training models. The default of `0.2` means that Netdata will train on a random 20% of training data. This can be useful for minimizing any system over head costs of training while still typically giving useful models even if they were only trained on a random 20% sample of the training data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `random sampling ratio`: (`0.2`/`1.0`) This parameter determines how much of the available training data is randomly sampled when training a model. The default of `0.2` means that Netdata will train on a random 20% of training data. This parameter influences cost efficiency. At `0.2` the model is still reasonably trained while minimizing system overhead costs caused by the training. 
```

- `anomaly event min dimension rate threshold`: (`0.0`/`1.0`) This is a parameter that helps filter out irrelevant dimensions from anomaly events. For example, the default of `0.05` means that only dimensions that were considered anomalous for at least 5% of the anomaly event itself will be included in that anomaly event. The idea here is to just include dimensions that were consistently anomalous as opposed to those that may have just randomly happened to be anomalous at the same time.
- `hosts to skip from training`: This parameter allows you to turn off anomaly detection for any child hosts on a parent host by defining those you would like to skip from training here. For example, a value like `dev-*` skips all hosts on a parent that begin with the "dev-" prefix. The default value of `!*` means "don't skip any".

> - `charts to skip from training`: This parameter allows you to exclude certain charts from anomaly detection by defining them here. By default only the netdata related charts are excluded. Thid as to try avoid the scenario where accessing the netdata dashboard could itself tigger some anomalies if you dont happen to access it regulalry. If you are unsure about starting with all charts included then you could start with something like `!system.* !apps.* !user.* *` if you just wanted to start with system, apps, and user charts. **Note**: It is recommended to add charts in small groups and then measure any impact on performance before adding additional ones.

Author: I think we will need a sort of FAQ or tips or cheatsheet or something but waiting to see what sort of questions people ask first. 

I don't mind either way though. Idea here is just a quick pr to make sure docs up to date.
